# C Data Test Generator

### Introduction

With previous automation test software, entire test cases must be written by hand, and many values are hard coded, which
makes future extension more tedious and may miss edge cases not before considered. This system aims to solve such a
problem by allowing engineers to generate new, varied tests instead of maintaining a monolithic json or yaml file.

This system attempts to remedy this problem by instead of storing and maintaining complete tests, stores rules on which
tests are generated. It stores rules that specify what a correct request may look like, then either randomly or by the
instruction of an engineer changes certain values to test each possible case. This way, for each new test case, 5-10
relatively simple lines of code can be added in place of 100s of lines of json specification.

#### Methodology and Design

This system is split into three modules: a set of vendor specific constructors, a set of generators, and a set of rules.
Each vendor specifc constructor, calls gives each generator, which is responsible for a part of a request, the correct
set of rules for each vendor, and the constructor "constructs" each test from the data generated by each generator.
For example, the `generator.good` generator handles only to generate a single good, and `generator.consumer` only serves
to generate the consumer field. The vendor specific constructor then puts all of these values into a python dict and
returns it to the main file, which writes the output to a json file.

TODO: FINISH DOCS

### Organisation

| Path              | Usage                                              |
|-------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| ```main.py```     | Handles IO and final formatting                    |
| ```generators```  | give rule specification, returns dicts             |
| ```vendortests``` | give rule use specifications                       |
| ```rules```       | Generates fake data in accordance with rules (WIP) |
| ```output```      | Testing data output                                |

### Setup

- Install Packages
    - `Faker`
- Run `main.py`

### Notable missing features (Aka TODO List)
- Conditional gt/lt is not handled (ex. certain payment methods require minimum values) `transaction.py` `good.py`
- No Multiple goods (trivial, but low priority) `goods.py`
- Discount amount is always assumed to be 0 `good.py`

### Extensions/Modifications

- Steps to modify

1. Add Rules (See Validation Rules)
2. Add specification to `vendortests` (See toss example)
3. Update generators to reflect new features and requirements (currently some values are hardcoded as they are assumed
   to be common values, for example it is assumed that references are composed of a string of 5-10 chars)
4. Specify new `vendortests` in `main.py`

### Features (Intended, Working, Complete)

- Fake Data Generator supports multiple locales/languages, not implemented in this script, change is trivial
- For simpler cases, refer to a generic json
  generator```https://faker.readthedocs.io/en/master/providers/faker.providers.misc.html#faker.providers.misc.Provider.json```

### Roadmap

- Static Fake Data ```95%```
- Dynamic Fake Data ```40%```
    - Need to read rules and not assume static value/types
    - Program is still moderately dependent on assumptions made with toss rules of commonality
- Make main program nonspecific, accepting json validation rules ```10%```

### Modules

- Main Program OK
- Rule Loader N/A
- CMD/CMD ARG selection N/A

### Validation Rules expected format:

(Type string/int) (Currently Ignored)

(Min/Max Length/Value) (Most values have no range, using assumed defaults)

(Required/Restrictions)

### ETC
